All right this was quite a section right.
We have a lot of things in the section and just to summarize all the things that we did within the section
in this section.
We first took a look at what we're going to build on A W-S castle and then we created a key pair for
our public and private.
Two instances and the security group for public and another security group for our private easy to instance
and we do all of a start up script for launching a Web page where we launch our public is to instance
on AWOS and then we launched the our public easy to instance within our public subnet on a number of
us and then we verified that our scripts work as expected that we could connect to our public easy to
instance and by doing that we also verified that our hosted web page the index a DML file that we use
as a user data while we lounge are easy to instance for public to instance is working as expected and
we could see the web page as Hello from both all three with Python.
And then be large enough or easy to instance within the private subnet as being the private is to instance.
And also we prepare the subsequent resources like subnets and security groups for that private easy
to instance and for the final part we also verified that its not so easy to connect to these private
easy to instance since its being closed to outside world close to internet.
It is within our private network where we could only connect from sources within private subnet or public
subnet.
All right.
This was a great section where we could exercise how to lounge easy to instances and how to add security
groups to them and also how to add rules and everything in between.
So in the next section we're going to take a look at how to modify have to start and stop machines on
a W-S.
So I'll be seeing you on the next section.